README/README.md, before:

# studbud
## Requirement of users
Compare to the original design from last assessment, I try to simplyfy the design and expand the space of content.After asking for some suggestions from surrounding people, I keep the same color style and add some new design items in .

My studbud aims to support a comfortable learning web and also offer the useful dictionary resources for students who are struggling learing English. The dictionary function I improved a lot in order to attract more users.

## Changes
In addtion to the basic functions, after I communicated with peers, I found that the layout and use of box have a lots of oppurnities to improve.

### Homepage
![KANBAN board & Nav bars](/README/2.JPG)
Compared to the original one, I tend to make notes more realistic. Without any colors on the side, the whole task card are more attractive and simple. You do not need click into the card and then edit, just delete it and then re-add the new one. The column adding button is also on the right side comparing with task list button.

![TaskList](/README/1.png)
The task list page offer the basic functions for students to store their task and check anytime which assessment is closed. In the original one I combine the kanbanboard and task list together, which leads to the real confusion to the users. KANBAN board is an useful tool to mark down any stuff in your daily life rather than the important project. The basic function of them are quite different and the target type audience are differents too.Although both of them belongs to the marking tool , but the function they offer are reversely. As an user I think the combination of these tools are effective for studbud users to manage their tasks. User can simply type their due date and task name.

### Dictionary 
![Dictionary](/README/3.JPG)
As the before saying, dicitonary is secondary function in my design. The synonyms is more suitable fit as an format content rather than suggestion content. I move the synonyms funciton as the same important function as the definiton of words. When you type in, you kan see the hint below and makesure that you got the results successfully, rather than the system will tell users "NO RESULTS".

### Timer
![Timer](/README/4.JPG)
Compared the original one, in order to offer a more clear and obvious title and notification for users, I move the pomodoro timer with a button. 

#### Music Player
![Music player](/README/5.JPG)
The previous one is too empty with large amouts of black. Mock phone pages provide a cleaner visual impact.You can switch songs, adjust the song's progress bar, choose a single loop list loop or shuffle.

Commit message:

Update Readme file with reference

README/README.md, after:

# studbud
## Requirement of users
Compare to the original design from last assessment, I try to simplyfy the design and expand the space of content.After asking for some suggestions from surrounding people, I keep the same color style and add some new design items in .

My studbud aims to support a comfortable learning web and also offer the useful dictionary resources for students who are struggling learing English. The dictionary function I improved a lot in order to attract more users.

## Changes
In addtion to the basic functions, after I communicated with peers, I found that the layout and use of box have a lots of oppurnities to improve.

### Homepage
![KANBAN board & Nav bars](/README/2.JPG)
Compared to the original one, I tend to make notes more realistic. Without any colors on the side, the whole task card are more attractive and simple. You do not need click into the card and then edit, just delete it and then re-add the new one. The column adding button is also on the right side comparing with task list button.

![TaskList](/README/1.png)
The task list page offer the basic functions for students to store their task and check anytime which assessment is closed. In the original one I combine the kanbanboard and task list together, which leads to the real confusion to the users. KANBAN board is an useful tool to mark down any stuff in your daily life rather than the important project. The basic function of them are quite different and the target type audience are differents too.Although both of them belongs to the marking tool , but the function they offer are reversely. As an user I think the combination of these tools are effective for studbud users to manage their tasks. User can simply type their due date and task name.

### Dictionary 
![Dictionary](/README/3.JPG)
As the before saying, dicitonary is secondary function in my design. The synonyms is more suitable fit as an format content rather than suggestion content. I move the synonyms funciton as the same important function as the definiton of words. When you type in, you kan see the hint below and makesure that you got the results successfully, rather than the system will tell users "NO RESULTS".

### Timer
![Timer](/README/4.JPG)
Compared the original one, in order to offer a more clear and obvious title and notification for users, I move the pomodoro timer with a button. 

### Music Player
![Music player](/README/5.JPG)
The previous one is too empty with large amouts of black. Mock phone pages provide a cleaner visual impact.You can switch songs, adjust the song's progress bar, choose a single loop list loop or shuffle.

## Reference List
1.Pomodoro timer, retrieved from https://bitbucket.org
2.The Coding Lab, 2021, Stopwatch using HTML, CSS and JavaScript, retrieved from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TLjO0MlBLg
3.Web Dev Simplifed, 2019, How to Code A Better To-Do List - Tutorial, retrieved from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7FaYfuwu70&t=2106s
